



HTTP                                The University of Tokyo/WIDE Project
Internet-Draft                                          22 November 2022
Updates: 8441, 9220 (if approved)                                       
Intended status: Standards Track                                        
Expires: 26 May 2023


         Define SETTINGS_ENABLE_WEBSOCKETS for HTTP/2 & HTTP/3
         draft-momoka-httpbis-settings-enable-websockets-latest

Abstract

   I want SETTINGS parameter.

Discussion Venues

   This note is to be removed before publishing as an RFC.

   Discussion of this document takes place on the HTTP Working Group
   mailing list (ietf-http-wg@w3.org), which is archived at
   https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/ietf-http-wg/.

   Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at
   https://github.com/momoka0122y/draft-settings-enable-websockets.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 26 May 2023.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  Terminology
   3.  Motivation and Problem Solved
   4.  Deployment Notes
   5.  Security Considerations
   6.  IANA Considerations
   7.  Implementation Status
   Acknowledgments
   Author's Address

1.  Introduction

   We need it.

2.  Terminology

   Maybe we don

3.  Motivation and Problem Solved

   clients will love the information

4.  Deployment Notes

   TODO

5.  Security Considerations

   TODO Security

6.  IANA Considerations

   Ask IANA for viable.  This document has no IANA actions.

7.  Implementation Status

   TODO:

Acknowledgments

   TODO acknowledge people.

   Thank you for reading this draft.

Author's Address

   Momoka Yamamoto
   The University of Tokyo/WIDE Project
   Japan
   Email: momoka.my6@gmail.com

   Additional contact information:

      山本 桃歌
      Japan
      The University of Tokyo/WIDE Project
